docs: clarify `Skipped` and `Omitted` in enhanced `depends` (#13087)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/enhanced-depends-logic.md

| `.Omitted` | Task Omitted | Task was omitted |
| `.Daemoned` | Task is Daemoned and is not Pending | |

> A tasks is considered `Skipped` if its `when` condition evaluates to false. On the other hand, if a task doesn't run
> because its `depends` evaluated to false it is `Omitted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A task is `Skipped` if its `when` condition evaluated to false. A task is `Omitted` if its `depends` condition evaluated to false.
```

- grammar: singular "A task", not "A tasks"
- grammar: use consistent tense -- "evaluates" + "evaluated" -> "evaluated"
  - past tense is also correct in this case, the task result is after the task.
- simplify, [per k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language)
  - also "On the other hand" is an idiom that should be avoided, per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-jargon-and-idioms)
    - and it is not quite accurate either; it typically refers to opposites or contrasts, whereas `depends` and `when` can be used together and are independent.
    
Also, rather than having this as two separate sentences below the table, these should just be directly in the table.

Reviewer: all of the above completed in #13110

Author: Nice. Yes, #13110 is a better fix than mine.

> For convenience, an omitted task result is equivalent to `(task.Succeeded || task.Skipped || task.Daemoned)`.
> 
> For example:

Reviewer: You didn't change this line much (just removed the grammatically incorrect "if"), but the word "omitted" here is very confusing given that it means the literal "omitted" and not the term `.Omitted` defined above.

We should use a different word:
```suggestion
An unspecified result is equivalent to `(task.Succeeded || task.Skipped || task.Daemoned)`. For example:
```

And should have less space between it and the example, which also alleviates confusion

Reviewer: Completed in #13110
